Red Alert shields up your order sir sir
we are draining their top shield
our ventral shields are draining sir
their Hall is severely damaged sir
shields are at 75%
sir we are draining their to steal at
75% their bottoms shield is draining
hope your heart is 25% yes captain
their bottom shield is draining sir
tractor beam has been disabled captain
on jewelry power is offline sir their
app shield is draining their bottom
shield is draining sir sir
they are draining our dorsal shield
their shields
forward shield is draining shields are
at 75% of their bottom shield is
draining sir our forward shield is
draining their forward shield is
draining shields are at 75%
target Hall integrity at 75% hull
integrity at 50%
that's it we got him